README.md, before:

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/darkhz/invidtui)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/darkhz/invidtui)
# invidtui

[![youtube](https://img.youtube.com/vi/SwPyPYukuRQ/1.jpg)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=SwPyPYukuRQ)

invidtui is an invidious client, which fetches data from invidious instances and displays a user interface in the terminal(TUI), and allows for selecting and playing Youtube audio and video.

Currently, it is tested on Linux and Windows, and it should work on MacOS.

## Features
- Play audio or video
- Control the video resolution
- Ability to open, view, edit and save m3u8 playlists
- Automatically queries the invidious API and selects the best instance
- Search for and browse videos, playlists and channels, with history support
- Authentication with invidious and management of user feed, playlists and subscriptions
- Download video and/or audio

## Documentation
Refer to the [wiki](https://github.com/darkhz/invidtui/wiki) for installation and operational instructions.<br /><br />
As of v0.3.2 some of the keybindings in the "Features and Keybindings" page has been changed.<br>
To view most of the keybindings within the application itself, use the <kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>m</kbd> key.

## License
MIT

Commit message:

README: Update documentation to github-pages site

README.md, after:

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/darkhz/invidtui)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/darkhz/invidtui)
# invidtui

[![youtube](https://img.youtube.com/vi/SwPyPYukuRQ/1.jpg)](https://youtube.com/watch?v=SwPyPYukuRQ)

invidtui is an invidious client, which fetches data from invidious instances and displays a user interface in the terminal(TUI), and allows for selecting and playing Youtube audio and video.

Currently, it is tested on Linux and Windows, and it should work on MacOS.

## Features
- Play audio or video
- Control the video resolution
- Ability to open, view, edit and save m3u8 playlists
- Automatically queries the invidious API and selects the best instance
- Search for and browse videos, playlists and channels, with history support
- Authentication with invidious and management of user feed, playlists and subscriptions
- Download video and/or audio

## Documentation
Refer to the documentation [here](https://darkhz.github.io/invidtui/).

The wiki is now out-of-date.

## License
MIT
