documentation/03_Usage/01_Command_Line_Options.md, before:

[TOC]

The general usage syntax is:

```
invidtui [<option>=<parameter>]
```

or 

```
invidtui [<option> <parameter>]
```

The supported command-line options are listed below. Click on each option to see detailed information about its usage.
- [--close-instances](#close-instances): Force closes all currently running instances.
- [--download-dir](#download-dir): Specify directory to download media into.
- [--force-instance](#force-instance): Force load media from a specified invidious instance.
- [--generate](#generate): Generate the configuration
- [--mpv-path](#mpv-path):  Specify path to the mpv executable. (default "mpv")
- [--num-retries](#num-retries):  Set the number of retries for connecting to the socket. (default 100)
- [--play-audio](#play): Specify video/playlist URL or ID to play audio from.
- [--play-video](#play): Specify video/playlist URL or ID to play video from.
- [--search-channel](#search):  Search for a channel.
- [--search-playlist](#search):  Search for a playlist.
- [--show-instances](#show-instances): Show a list of available instances.
- [--search-video](#search):  Search for a video.
- [--token](#token):  Specify an authorization token.
- [--token-link](#token):  Display a link to the token generation page.
- [--video-res](#video-res):  Set the default video resolution. (default "720p")
- [--ytdl-path](#ytdl-path):  Specify path to youtube-dl executable.
- [--version](#version): Print version information.

!!! warning "use-current-instances"
	As of v0.3.3, the use-current-instances option is deprecated since its behavior has been made the default for loading media from instances.

## close-instances
This option should mainly be used if another invidtui instance may be using the socket, if there was an application crash, or if an error pops up like this: `Error: Socket exists at /home/test/.config/invidtui/socket, is another instance running?`.

## download-dir
This option must be specified to enable media download. It currently only accepts absolute paths (`/home/test/Downloads`), and not relative paths (`~/Downloads`).

For example: `invidtui --download-dir /home/test/Downloads`

## force-instance
While using this option, it is recommended to input just the instance name, remove the "https://" prefix if present. If the instance URL is not valid, invidtui will automatically choose another valid instance.

For example: `invidtui --force-instance "y.com.sb"`

# generate
This option can be used to generate the configuration.

Note that if you are regenerating the config, the existing values will be re-applied to the generated output.

## play
Only either of the **play-audio** and **play-video** options should be applied. The parameter for these options can be a video/playlist:

- __URL:__
`invidtui --play-audio "https://yewtu.be/watch?v=z1MmPk1pdLY"`
`invidtui --play-video "https://yewtu.be/playlist?list=PLnikWbtnBaM48OF_QWZqbjtvRvbnVpCaP"`

- __ID:__
`invidtui --play-audio "z1MmPk1pdLY"`
`invidtui --play-video "PLnikWbtnBaM48OF_QWZqbjtvRvbnVpCaP"`

To load URLs/IDs from within invidtui, go [here](../03_Usage/Keybindings.md#play).

## search
The **search-channel**, **search-playlist** and **search-video** options are meant to be used individually. Make sure the search queries are properly quoted.

For example: `invidtui --search-video "linux"`

## show-instances
This option can be used to list active Invidious instances.

## token
The **token** and **token-link** options have to be used along with the **force-instance** option.

For example:

- __To generate a token link:__
`invidtui --force-instance "y.com.sb" --token-link`

- __To use the generated token:__
`invidtui --force-instance "y.com.sb" --token <generated-token>`

See [Authentication](../05_Authentication.md) for more details.

## ytdl-path
This option can be used to specify paths to youtube-dl forks that are supported by MPV as well (yt-dlp or yt-dtlp_x86).

## version
This option can be used to print the version information.

Commit message:

Update 01_Command_Line_Options.md with explicit config file path
Add note about config file path for user reference

documentation/03_Usage/01_Command_Line_Options.md, after:

[TOC]

The general usage syntax is:

```
invidtui [<option>=<parameter>]
```

or 

```
invidtui [<option> <parameter>]
```

The supported command-line options are listed below. Click on each option to see detailed information about its usage.
- [--close-instances](#close-instances): Force closes all currently running instances.
- [--download-dir](#download-dir): Specify directory to download media into.
- [--force-instance](#force-instance): Force load media from a specified invidious instance.
- [--generate](#generate): Generate the configuration
- [--mpv-path](#mpv-path):  Specify path to the mpv executable. (default "mpv")
- [--num-retries](#num-retries):  Set the number of retries for connecting to the socket. (default 100)
- [--play-audio](#play): Specify video/playlist URL or ID to play audio from.
- [--play-video](#play): Specify video/playlist URL or ID to play video from.
- [--search-channel](#search):  Search for a channel.
- [--search-playlist](#search):  Search for a playlist.
- [--show-instances](#show-instances): Show a list of available instances.
- [--search-video](#search):  Search for a video.
- [--token](#token):  Specify an authorization token.
- [--token-link](#token):  Display a link to the token generation page.
- [--video-res](#video-res):  Set the default video resolution. (default "720p")
- [--ytdl-path](#ytdl-path):  Specify path to youtube-dl executable.
- [--version](#version): Print version information.

!!! warning "use-current-instances"
	As of v0.3.3, the use-current-instances option is deprecated since its behavior has been made the default for loading media from instances.

## close-instances
This option should mainly be used if another invidtui instance may be using the socket, if there was an application crash, or if an error pops up like this: `Error: Socket exists at /home/test/.config/invidtui/socket, is another instance running?`.

## download-dir
This option must be specified to enable media download. It currently only accepts absolute paths (`/home/test/Downloads`), and not relative paths (`~/Downloads`).

For example: `invidtui --download-dir /home/test/Downloads`

## force-instance
While using this option, it is recommended to input just the instance name, remove the "https://" prefix if present. If the instance URL is not valid, invidtui will automatically choose another valid instance.

For example: `invidtui --force-instance "y.com.sb"`

# generate
This option can be used to generate the configuration.

Note that the config file location will be stored under the User Home/Profile directory in `.config/invidtui/invidtui.conf` once generated. If you are regenerating the config, the existing values will be re-applied to the generated output.

## play
Only either of the **play-audio** and **play-video** options should be applied. The parameter for these options can be a video/playlist:

- __URL:__
`invidtui --play-audio "https://yewtu.be/watch?v=z1MmPk1pdLY"`
`invidtui --play-video "https://yewtu.be/playlist?list=PLnikWbtnBaM48OF_QWZqbjtvRvbnVpCaP"`

- __ID:__
`invidtui --play-audio "z1MmPk1pdLY"`
`invidtui --play-video "PLnikWbtnBaM48OF_QWZqbjtvRvbnVpCaP"`

To load URLs/IDs from within invidtui, go [here](../03_Usage/Keybindings.md#play).

## search
The **search-channel**, **search-playlist** and **search-video** options are meant to be used individually. Make sure the search queries are properly quoted.

For example: `invidtui --search-video "linux"`

## show-instances
This option can be used to list active Invidious instances.

## token
The **token** and **token-link** options have to be used along with the **force-instance** option.

For example:

- __To generate a token link:__
`invidtui --force-instance "y.com.sb" --token-link`

- __To use the generated token:__
`invidtui --force-instance "y.com.sb" --token <generated-token>`

See [Authentication](../05_Authentication.md) for more details.

## ytdl-path
This option can be used to specify paths to youtube-dl forks that are supported by MPV as well (yt-dlp or yt-dtlp_x86).

## version
This option can be used to print the version information.
